multiple world champion in mixed
Martial Arts Fedor Emelyanenko
brilliantly completed his career
one and a half minutes and the opponent is knocked out for
St. Petersburg tournament watched
lovers of this sport all over the world with
Emelyanenko ends up leaving a whole
the era of the Russian athlete will not be remembered
only beautiful victories are deadpan and
generous and noble he never
sank to scandals and provocations not
in the ring is not beyond
outstanding athlete in mixed history
martial arts Fedor Emelyanenko
nickname the last emperor fighting
gloves on the nail hung swift
spectacular beautifully for his last
battle in the ring followed 12,000
spectators to the palace in st. petersburg
posters Fedor we are with you and the fight that
lasted only a minute and a half during this time
rival emelianenko brazilian girlfriend and
behind
missed a few blows collapsed without
memory from the crown side emelyan
at this moment television commentators
in one voice concluded this is not the point in
career a!
Fedor prepared like that for such a final
there is no battle ahead
exercise three times a day
jogging for 15 kilometers and fighting
preparation after three failures in a row
Emelyanenko made a lot of effort to
surprise rivals with the result of this work
became three victories including the last and
beautiful sports form than two
an hour before the fight, Fedor's brother told
Alexander
Fedor is the best in everything very well.
now left the drum technique feet
well beats and great fight it all
know in many ways therefore every viewers
stadium be his microphone like
lead after scrum for sure
shouted fyodor don't go to this
emotional request the emperor is not
who knew defeat for more than ten years
result for fighting without rules
fantastic just whispered softly like
God will give
and literally a minute before the ring
rose one of the most loyal
fans emelyanenko president of russia
Vladimir Putin
and tell him
thanks from all of us from lovers
martial arts
thanks to him, this particular
art has become so popular in our
country buckets we congratulate and thanks
miles from the heart
sevenfold champion of Russia in combat
Sambo nine-time world champion
heavy weight in different versions of the federation
mixed martial arts favorite fighter
famous Tyson's shirt
for 12 years of professionals Emelyanenko
spent 40 fights won 35 times a little
stumbled at the end of a career and still
gone away the main winner collected all
here what take h1gh work out
thank you very much of course these words
I got the time and
because brought at the turn is not finished
and
physical fatigue nomadic low
grass 7 emelyanenko admitted long ago
promised wife marina to leave fights
I want to spend my daughters with
them more time despite the high
fees
Fedor continues to live Belgorod
areas modest contrary to the laws of the genre
he never insulted provoked
rivals he is calm with his
equanimity even after defeats
Trump instilled the confidence of the devotees
fans around the world who
despite the words emelyanenko me not
lure you with fantastic offers
will wait for a long time to return
Emperor in the ring file getting Sergey
Gaponov max kazachok first channel